Add documentation for MSMQ 2.0.4 (#6697)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/msmq/delayed-delivery_content_msmqtransport_[2.0,).partial.md

Create a class which implements the `IDelayedMessageStore` interface and pass an instance to the `DelayedDeliverySettings` constructor.

> If the custom store needs to set up some infrastructure (create tables, etc.) then it must implement `IDelayedMessageStoreWithInfrastructure`. This interface includes `IDelayedMessageStore` and adds a method for setting up the infrastructure. This method is called before `IDelayedMessageStore.Initialize()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the custom store needs to set up some infrastructure (create tables, etc.) then it must implement `IDelayedMessageStoreWithInfrastructure`. This interface extends `IDelayedMessageStore` adding a method for setting up the infrastructure. This new method is called before `IDelayedMessageStore.Initialize()`.
```
